[chore] 0.3.1 release (#504)
facebookresearch/fairscale: CHANGELOG.md

## NEXT - TBD

### Added

### Fixed

## [0.3.1] - 2021-03-09
### Added
- FSDP docs ([#455](https://github.com/facebookresearch/fairscale/issues/455))
- enable\_wrap and auto\_wrap APIs ([#446](https://github.com/facebookresearch/fairscale/issues/446))

> - experimental offload module ([#432](https://github.com/facebookresearch/fairscale/issues/432))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added experimental.nn.OffloadModel API for training large models on a single GPU.([#432](https://github.com/facebookresearch/fairscale/issues/432))
```

### Fixed
- Many FSDP fixes

> - Several SDP fixes around performance and corner cases

Author: feel free to add more details here by doing GitHub "suggesting". Then, it is able to keep the co-author info.

> - AdaScale & SDP/FSDP test added but not officially supported

Reviewer 2: would you mind adding:
- OSS: fix a broken state dict when using non contiguous param groups
